# Kleiner Perkins Questions
Answers to Kleiner Perkins Questions:
1. What impact do you want to have on the world and why? Please limit your statement to 250 words maximum and provide your submission with a link.

Having an impact on the world can come in many different forms for various people, but I often like to day-dream about making innovation and exploration possible for people from all walks of life. Many times, I find myself forgetting that it is only possible for me to create things and explore new ideas because of my privilege, and while there is no silver bullet to giving this opportunity to everyone, I believe it starts by me and the people around me being passionate about the work we do. Passion, at its core, is contagious. When others see it, they are inclined to join the journey, and in turn bring their own ideas to the surface. 

2. Describe your most meaningful experience(s) and why they matter to you.  Please limit your statement to 250 words maximum and provide your submission with a link.

Engineering is tricky. We have been trained to identify problems and develop the best possible solutions to fix those issues. Oftentimes, however, we as engineers take too much pride in our ability to design solutions that we often try and find fixes to things that do not need fixing. This leads to wasted time, and many problems that are left without remedy. As I progress through my professional career, I want to empower people to look around them and identify the real pressing issues they themselves and others face. During my time as a student, one of the non-trivial problems I identified was that professors were periodically asking students to help them classify data for their massive datasets so as to train their complex machine learning algorithms. Oftentimes, this was extremely tedious, and did not require tremendous domain expertise. I aimed to create something that would allow people in the academic community to get in touch with people who are willing to classify data for a fractional sum of money, and ultimately finish the task quicker. The experience taught me the value of understanding that being an engineer is only as valuable as the solutions you create. Ultimately, as I talked to various students and professors, I came to realize that ultimately, we are all people, and that notion should be at the center of the work we all do. 

